Add Content for `.airflowignore` (#1710)
astronomer/docs: astro/deploy-code.md

- `astro deploy`: This command pushes every file in your Astro project to all Airflow components in your Deployment. This includes your `Dockerfile`, DAGs, plugins, and all Python and OS-level packages.
- `astro deploy --dags`: This command pushes only the code that exists in the `/dags` directory of your Astro project to a running Deployment on Astro. When you only need to push changes to your DAGs, running this command is a faster development experience than running `astro deploy` since it does not require installing your dependencies.

> To run `astro deploy --dags`, you must first enable the [DAG-only deploys](deploy-code.md#ignore-files-with-airflowignore) feature for each Deployment.

Author: @manmeetkaur - thanks for the catch! The link has been updated.

```
:::

> ## Ignore files with `.airflowignore`

Reviewer: IMO this topic should be in `Develop Project` because it also applies to local development and relates to how you structure your local Astro project directory.

Author: @jwitz - you can debate that with @paolaperaza! In the originating issue, the request was to add this content to Deploy Code. I agree with your comment, but we should avoid duplicating content in multiple locations whenever possible.

Author: Content relocated.

> When you create an `.airflowignore` file, the files or directories listed in `.airflowignore` are not parsed by the Airflow scheduler when you run `astro dev start` or when you deploy your project to Astro. DAGs listed in this file aren't deployed and don't appear in the Airflow UI. The `.airflowignore` file and the files listed in it must be in the same `dags` directory of your Astro project. For more information about `.airflowignore`, see [`.airflowignore` in the Airflow documentation](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/concepts/dags.html#airflowignore).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When you create an `.airflowignore` file, the files or directories listed in `.airflowignore` are not parsed by the Airflow scheduler. DAGs listed in this file aren't deployed and don't appear in the Airflow UI. The `.airflowignore` file and the files listed in it must be in the same `dags` directory of your Astro project. For more information about `.airflowignore`, see [`.airflowignore` in the Airflow documentation](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/concepts/dags.html#airflowignore).
```

Would leave the last part out, the scheduler processes (and ignores) DAG files all the time.

Reviewer 3: Say more, @BasPH? I do lean into wanting to give _some_ guidance on when this is generally applicable

1. In the `dags` directory of your Astro project, create a new file named `.airflowignore`.

> 2. List the files or sub-directories you want ignored when you push code to Astro or when you are developing locally. For example, `mydag.py` or `data-team-dags`. The ignored files must be in the same `dags` directory of your Astro project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. List the files or sub-directories you want ignored when you push code to Astro or when you are developing locally. You should list the path for each file or directory relative to the `dags` directory. For example: 

    ```text
    mydag.py
    data-team-dags
    some-dags/ignore-this-dag.py
    ``` 
    
```
It might be best to have the examples listed in a small code block similar to the AIrflow docs:

![Screen Shot 2023-01-09 at 1 06 05 PM](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/74574233/211314862-94c81d5a-d49f-415e-9133-d673c7c0c00c.png)

Removed the last sentence because it's repetitive to the one in the intro paragraph.

```
:::

> ## Ignore files when deploying code

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
## Ignore files with `.airflowignore`
```

> You can add an `.airflowignore` file to any DAGs directory to identify the files that should be ignored when you push code to Astro. This can be helpful when you have a single GitHub repository containing DAG files for multiple projects and Deployments.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
You can create an `airflowignore` file in your Astro project and use it to specify files that you do not want to be included when you push code to Astro. This can be helpful when you have a single GitHub repository containing DAG files for multiple Astro projects and you don't want to deploy all DAG files to a single Deployment.
```

> You can add an `.airflowignore` file to any DAGs directory to identify the files that should be ignored when you push code to Astro. This can be helpful when you have a single GitHub repository containing DAG files for multiple projects and Deployments.
> 
> When you add an `.airflowignore` file to a DAGs directory, the files listed in the file are ignored when developing locally and when you deploy your project to Astro. The same image is built and deployed. To deploy a DAG subset or exclude the `.airflowignore` file from a Deployment, Astronomer recommends using [GitHub version control](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/using-git/about-git). For more information about `.airflowignore` and Airflow, see [`.airflowignore`](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/concepts/dags.html#airflowignore).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
When you create an `.airflowignore` file, the files or directories listed in `.airflowignore` are not parsed by the Airflow scheduler when you run `astro dev start` or when you deploy your project to Astro. DAGs listed in this file are not deployed and do not appear in the Airflow UI. The `.airflowignore` file and any files listed in it must be in the same `dags` directory of your Astro project. For more information about `.airflowignore`, see [`.airflowignore` in Airflow documentation](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/concepts/dags.html#airflowignore).
```

- I think we don't need the version control comment?
- Specified that this file is ignored by the _scheduler_
- Should we give an example file in this section, to highlight the syntax requirements? Per Airflow docs, we want to make sure users know that they need to include the entire file name, not the DAG ID for example

Things to confirm
- Can not just be DAG files?
- Is it the scheduler that does the ignoring here? Any other technical details we might need to capture?

> 1. In your Astro project, create a new file named `.airflowignore` in a DAGs directory.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
1. In the `dags` directory of your Astro project, create a new file named `.airflowignore`.
```

> 2. List the files you want ignored when pushing code to Astro.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
2. List the files or sub-directories you want ignored when pushing code to Astro or developing locally. For example, `mydag.py` or `data-team-dags`. The ignored files must be present in the same `dags` directory.
```

Could specify the requirement of the dag directory here and not above since redundant

> 3. Add the DAG name file path to the file.

Reviewer 3: Is this different than step 2?

Reviewer: @kwcanuck Yeah step 2 and 3 are describing the same step. DAGs are just one of the types of filepaths you can add to the file. We can just keep step 2.
